hi guys I'm going to do an iPhone 5 and
only 5s case collection um I keep online
in this little carrying thing sorry I'm
doing this on my table start out with
one on my phone I have the white iPhone
5 this skis is just from the Dollar Tree
and the sparkles and stuff don't come
off it you just color in the sunlight
it's not very protective in the front if
you can see that it just barely covers
the front lip so that's someone's on my
phone right now I have a few one more
that is like that one but it's in gold
it's this one
it is unfold it's white as soon as the
other one on the sides I have a Victoria
Secrets silicone rubber case I would put
these all on my phone but they some of
them take a while to get off and I need
to keep it under like a three minute
long video I believe it fair to upload
on YouTube
those both of those sparkly cases are
from the Dollar Tree so they were a
dollar each I'll try to do all the
Dollar Tree ones first except for that
Victoria Secret one this one is from the
Dollar Tree
it's holographic it's a baby fish blue
or sky blue on the sides mostly the
Dollar Tree just has plain cases like
solid color cases but sometimes they
don't
I have a white plain one from the Dollar
Tree
they're just snap lines I've got two
pink ones a purple one and I was lucky
enough to find this is zebra
um silicone one with the inside so it's
kind of protective I have that same case
on my iPod which I'm fill me with now
these next ones are from five below this
one fits their phone really well and
it's rhinestones none of them have come
off yet
the sides are clear again not a
protective case if you drop your phone a
lot this one I can't seem to fit my home
five properly um it's the right size and
everything is just I can't get the home
button to fit or anything it's two piece
silicone is green outside is plastic and
white this one I can't seem to get to
fit my phone um it's a holographic one
it's tight on one side so I haven't
really tried to get it to fit really
well
generic OtterBox I got this one from
Groupon for $15 well it's not generic it
is a matter box and get the microphone
for $15 got the front screen protector
and the back one this one's pretty dirty
um you can get this on Amazon eBay it's
just a full screen protector um case
there wraps around and it's actually
pretty it's lightweight it doesn't add
any bulk to the phone at all this one is
from Target
it's a little penguin silicone mushy and
this is my absolute favorite case um
it's charging case it's 3,800 power I
think I think it's 3,800 ma no it's
3,500 ma just has it right there um it
charges up your phone battery by
clicking the button down here this one's
not charged but it'll show you like the
one little light that's blinking so
that's a little battery it'll charge
your phone to fall and I set the cheap
pink dollar store case and made a
motionless and white case so so it's a
pink on the inside and those are all my
cases on besides this wallet case but it
doesn't really fit my phone well hope
you enjoyed thanks guys